will start at the biggest speed party
of Brazilian motorsport is there aa
each starts the second step of the
brazilian tank pump championship
begins the great crystal prize felipe
tries to keep
first it shows up on the outside
geraldo piquet roberval andrade also
leandro totti leandro already appears
totti is trying to win the fourth
placement is already there,
second place
wellington cirino stayed on the second
roberval andrade placement won
position of the general of the pq
the first ring the first ring two
touches we had two touches there one
confusion nothing else yellow flag
did not make a good start overall piquet
a doc went on top of the israeli truck
the truck of the gambos and see what goes
getting fairing down the track is getting
fairing down the lane
doc upon the truck of the skit
lacava in the ninth place already comes again
he brought beautiful out there will max
wellington cirino becomes the first
placed the wellington cirino first
placed with felipe giaffone second
Look, look, just, Pedro, muffato, on a beat.
very strong of the pedro muffato the high
and then we see Deborah Deborah and Pedro
muffato is going to paint the flag
We are seeing Pedro Muffato.
escaping he escapes beats in the room came
he had many problems and the
People will see what happened to
adepts
Herrera went straight and control the
tire protection of debora rodrigues
who will arrive in the pits there, valmir
benavides the hisgué and there we have
Problems we have problems with renato
martins renato martins is leaning against
your truck has problems in orly
where did leandro totti bring with
he the felipe giaffone already observed had
a little yellow flag
checkered wellington cirino and open
strange that comes to the track another one
Then you'll see leandro totti
up from wellington cirino goes to
top leandro totti just came out from
rear but leandro keeps ahead
totti the first is so fine second
felipe giaffone the third is coming to
also the salustian paulo of the country
sheik can not swear not because
appeared very well the big tyranny
proof of iran in Iran and already comes by the ninth
placing
there you see the dispute behind the
sexting ended up having a touch cisc and
civilian dirani that remained a piece of
flying fairing
This is dirham on this most
dark or salustian paulo the next
beto monteiro opened it to fetch
exceeded its position
Beto firefighter but he has a great truck.
paulo salustiano where paulo already came
salustiano to the top of the goalkeeper andrade
roberval preference will be
hard paulo salustiano
only the rival does not have much space to
work does not go there either goes there
was the Salustian paulo and many people
Can you tell if the pull was thrown out?
government preference to not
It was exactly that.
escaping though
the canopy the time in the grass and then the paulo
Salustian now really goes to the
was slow and now goes to the
boxes
we see the truck in the colors of the
corinthians recovered andrade in
cuts and then we see michelle de jesus
the side there in tire protection
you put up with the impression that
liked it because we do not see any
mark on grass had the impression that
some problem and ended up touching
castropil ended up passing castropil challenge
there the crusher box and held the
truck that this is the function that exerted
well its function and it tries to
back to the track
and there really happened a problem with
a michelly
so it slopes the truck so it
conscious 1 was an error with a problem
mechanic and she is leaning against a truck
there next to the protection of venice will
returning the same remax danilo dirani
will occupy the seventh place beto
monteiro is the eighth
Going straight Marcelo Cesquim, she's in
end of the straight on that low- loss
the braking point passed to 16
I can not believe it was the resident of the village.
the fact that the sesquinho you place so
inside and away
climbing it recorded that on the track so
well may have missed the brake as well
this may have run out of steam there
so he pulled it into the
assembly in talent and so far
speaking also then left missing seven
theo minutes with facebook this
recharge but be a ghost let's twist
for the relaunch
We already have the green flag already gone.
wellington cirino on leandro
Totti young Felipe Giaffone also to
top of wellington cirino a little more
behind Geraldo Piquet is already now
to make the winning curve not
gave up 12 not try to approach yet
is the sine in the first leandro totti
would be the second was already the third already
including the straight from the pits for the last
leandro dodge will get complicated
for the Brazilian comes to bring the dodge
I already won, Lin is coming up.
leandro totti this book
todd driving 6.0 not green slower
apart
wins or loses crystal award
um the second stage of the championship
Brazilian the big ball or if
only 62 thousandths of a second ended
making a mistake escaped from back in the
victory curve controlled his truck
enough to pass in front of and to
to win for the second consecutive
your volkswagen truck
leandro totti leandro totti the first
wellington cirino according to felipe
giaffone third general of the table the
patient the fifth
danilo dirani the sixth or seventh or beto
monteiro fabiano fights eighth onu andré
márcio danilo spared in the tenth
eduardo placement mello man is in
reality none of the three if a mirror
rear netão and this final flag
from 62 milan congratulations leandro
Totti champion of the category in 2012 and
now the only 2014 winner to win in
caruaru and winning in curitiba